I love this time of year
I call it the quiet season I love riding
out to the Great Salt Lake through the
farmland where there is little or no
traffic
I rarely see other writers but the ones
I do see are serious ones like me I
never see other women writers I must be
the only crazy one it's cold but
layering almost eliminates the bite of
the wind
during my ride I am rewarded with colors
smells and sounds that few others
experience there is so much to see
the Halloween candy is gone and so are
the showy colors of leaves on the trees
they've been replaced with quiet goals
and browns that whisper in the wind
as I ride along the musty smell of
fallen leaves rises up from the ground
with the pleasant aroma filling me with
memories of walking through mountains
during deer hunts long long ago all of
the trees reach their dark limbs high in
the sky gently waving in the late fall
breeze their beauty rivals that of their
showier predecessors but in a quiet way
the restful season has come
hay bales are waiting on the fields to
be gathered sitting patiently like
soldiers and rows along the fences corn
fields are also at rest now
only stubble remains and endless rows
that reach out to the horizon freshly
turned earth in other fields reveals
dark brown richness waiting for snow to
blanket it with quiet stillness peace
the furrows will wait for spring to
awaken from the slumber of freezing
winter nights
geese fly above me as I ride calling to
each other as they fly hurry
they say hurry must hurry to warmer
places to rest for the winter
I love their graceful wings and long
curved necks that stretch out in earnest
as they fly towards the lake to land and
rest before resuming their long journey
southward I often wish I could join them
and fly far far away to lands unknown
and unseen
I ride my pumpkin fields with hundreds
of pumpkins that have not yet been
harvested perhaps they will sprout next
year and make another field of yellow
and orange for children to run through
and pick out the biggest and best
Lantern for their holiday of mischief
but for now it is filled only with
memories and quietly passes on the Sun
swiftly moves towards the horizon and I
finally reach the lake edge
no other time of day can Riedel the
colors of the Evening Sun
the hills on Antelope Island are rich
chestnut brown and beckoned me to come
and explore their secrets but I cannot
time is no longer on my side and I must
return before the evening light is gone
reluctantly I turn away from this scene
of gold and orange and ride towards home
I love this time of year
you